Fix: default flags field for transaction frozen class should be None (#821)
XRPLF/xrpl-py: CHANGELOG.md

- add `MPTCurrency` support in `Issue` (rippled internal type)
- Fixed the implementation error in get_latest_open_ledger_sequence method. The change uses the "current" ledger for extracting sequence number.
- Increase default maximum payload size for websocket client

> - Fixed the dafault bahaviour of flags field when preparing thransactions. By default flags are not part of the transaction if not explicitly provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the default behavior of flags field when preparing transactions. By default, flags are not part of the transaction if not explicitly provided.
```
